Hi, my name is Aeneas. I have lived in the great city of Troy, but it has fallen under the attacks of babarious Greek army. Unlike most of the poeple in the city, I have escaped the city by night, carrying my lame father on my shoulder, my wife and kids following behind. 

They were running towards the forest in order to escape the hunt from Greek amry. After several time, they were exhausted and had to take a rest. 
When they looked backward, they found out a huge Trojan Horse moving towards him. 

"Oh my gosh, how could it find us?" I couldn't help but ask. 

Beyond their knowledge, they had no idea that Trojan Horse was already equipped with artificial intelligence. 

I said to my family, "run and don't look back when things get ugly. Kids, take care of your mother and my father. You are going to take care of this family now".

As the Trojan Horse approaching, crushing every thing as it went by, my wife came up with a brilliant idea that could save everyone from the situation.

My wife pressed the button under her nose. "Siri, scan system: our home."Says my wife.

Her brain opens in the middle, showing her metal skull and she starts to make this intense beeping sound. 

A cold, robotic voice without any emotions comes out from the core of her head.

"Scan complete. 1 virus found. Would you like me to delete associated files?"

She looks back over her shoulder, "Yes."

"Files deleted."

The gigantic Trojan Horse pauses, then crushed into dust, and vanished in the air. 

"Upload family data to cloud."

"Uploading."

Sign of relief. I turn over to my wife while trying to smooth out my own breathe.

Our 9 year old daughter, in traditional trojan clothing, reaches her sweaty little hand to her mum while bursting into tears.

"It seems the time lord has found us again." Says my father.

"Looks like the simulations are a bit too much for Ascanius, let shut down the system and go to bed." I said to my wife. 

Nodding, she pulled out a remote from her pockets, and pressed the power button. Everything around us when dark. We floated in the nothingness for a few seconds, and then I woke up from the simulations. 

Staring at the familiar ceiling, I felt my heart beating fast, as if I was still running in that dark, endless forest. My son woke up next to me. Tears were still streaming from his face. 

